Add info about why `IsEnabled` is called (#34140)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/custom-logging-provider.md

The preceding code:

- Creates a logger instance per category name.
- Checks `_getCurrentConfig().LogLevelToColorMap.ContainsKey(logLevel)` in `IsEnabled`, so each `logLevel` has a unique logger. In this implementation, each log level requires an explicit configuration entry to log.

> Calling <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ILogger.IsEnabled%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> within <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ILogger.Log%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> implementations is a good practice since `Log` can be called by any consumer, and there are no guarantees that it was previously checked. The `IsEnabled` method should be very fast in most implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a good practice to call <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ILogger.IsEnabled%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> within <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ILogger.Log%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> implementations since `Log` can be called by any consumer, and there are no guarantees that it was previously checked. The `IsEnabled` method should be very fast in most implementations.
```
